you know the clock is ticking right now
we're like 24 minutes away from from
Valentine's Day tomorrow night couples
of all ages types and sizes will go out
of town they'll get rush through dinner
at a restaurant and then on to the most
popular sexual position of all Oh
blicket Orie
if you're smart you'll do what I do on
Valentine's Day you don't have to make a
big deal out of it you don't have to
spend a lot of money just what I do is
I'll just just hand your wife a single
rose and say this means you get to stay
don't you love the bachelor this is
something interesting I learned today
you know those little candy hearts that
have the messages on them it tastes like
a mix between rubber and chalk well they
originally they were called wedding
candies and now we call them sweethearts
but they were invented in the mid-1800s
by a man named Daniel chase who invented
a machine that stamped words onto candy
but the messages on the hearts in 1860
were different there were things like
the saloons on fire cause dead the
blanket as pox Richmond has fallen
trains been blowed up bear ate Little
Joe you're my favorite prostitute
Cobblepot which that was the Cobblepot
talk got people going back then but if
you're still looking for the last minute
Valentine's gift former White House
press secretary Sean Spicer has you all
hooked up he is on this there's a
personally personal celebrity video
website they'll make videos for people
it's called cameo and for a new low
price your special lady or fella will
love you in ways you probably never
imagined possible hey guys it's Sean
Spicer with an amazing deal this month
for the entire month of February my
videos that normally cost $400 over 50%
off $199 is going to give you the best
Valentine's Day gift ever
will it though I don't know he's doing
it to raise money for the independence
fund to benefit veterans which is nice
but getting your wife or girlfriend a
Valentine's message from Sean Spicer it
seems to me like a better way to tell
her you want a divorce right you know
I've been thinking a lot today about
what President Trump does for
Valentine's I mean like what does he get
the first lady Melania and the second
lady Lindsey Graham what does he get
them flowers chocolate taco bulls what
Donald Trump as you know is a man of
great passion he cannot contain emotions
of any kind and in fact he celebrates
Valentine's all year long with a laser
focus on both hugging and kissing
he was happy there was hugging there was
almost kissing I just loved today he's
hugging me kissing me the heads of these
companies are coming up and hugging me
and kissing me cuz he hugging and
kissing hugging she was hugging and
kissing hugging kissing hugging and
kissing and crying they're all hug and
kiss and everyone's crying hugging and
kissing and crying and laughing I said
when I just said hello to her got 15
minutes ago he's hugging and kissing me
he's hugging he's kissing and then he's
talking to these people this bed yeah
that doesn't get you in the mood I don't
know what is jolly good today Attorney
General William Barr made an unexpected
statement this afternoon as you may know
earlier this week for prosecutors for
the Justice Department resigned after
Barr overruled them and said he would
lower the seven to nine years of prison
and time they recommended for Trump's
friend and former campaign adviser Roger
stone who is convicted of lying to
Congress witness tampering and
obstruction of justice this came after
Trump angrily tweeted that he thought
stones sentence recommendation was
unfair Barr told ABC News today that he
thinks it's time for the president to
stop the tweeting about Department of
Justice criminal cases in other words
he's like listen how am I supposed
to do your dirty work if you keep
telling people about it some people are
applauding him I don't know I think it's
a PR move if Barr did this without
Trump's okay if he went down and sat
down with ABC News
to say this without trump's permission
he'd be covered in tweed vomit right now
he would be he be covered in little
orange fist marks all over his face
Trump's former chief of staff John Kelly
is also speaking out last night in New
Jersey John Kelly defended the newly
fired lieutenant colonel Alexander VIN
Minh who testified against the president
and criticized the president's position
on many subjects which is all well and
good but it's now a year since he left
the White House this is like a smoke
detector that goes off after your house
burns down
Trump lashed back at Kelly on Twitter
and is continuing to unload on former
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg it
would appear Michael Bloomberg has
managed to get under the president's
Rumplestiltskin because this morning
Trump tweeted many Mike is a 5 foot 4
mass of dead energy who does not want to
be on the debate stage with these
professional politicians no boxes please
he hates crazy Bernie and will with
enough money possibly stopping Bernie's
people will go nuts
- which Bloomberg replied real Donald
Trump we know many of the same people in
New York behind your back they laugh at
you and call you a carnival barking
clown they know you inherited a fortune
- squandered it with stupid deals and
incompetence and that is gonna make him
mad
[Applause]
what I want to say that if I was Mike
Bloomberg and I had 61 billion dollars
which is what he has this is how I would
get in trouble said I'd buy every ad on
Fox News from now until November I would
ruin his precious Hannity time his Fox &
Friends in the morning maybe instead of
an election we should just put these two
old billionaires on a jungle island with
sharp sticks and force them to hunt each
other you know put it on pay-per-view
all proceeds go to the homeless it's a
good idea it's settled then I don't know
if we have any baseball fans here or not
but the Houston Astros had a press
conference this morning the owner of the
team Jim crane dressed the media today
to answer for the sign stealing plot
that helped them beat the Dodgers in a
World Series in 2017 and the Yankees in
the playoffs
mr. crane where do you have to say to
the Yankees and teams that you beat 17
listen yeah the Yankees have had a few
comments out there you know our opinion
is you know that this didn't impact the
game we had a good team we won the World
Series and we'll leave it at that
of course you'll leave it that you did
the cheating and what a half Astros
apology that was it's the idea that the
batteries on the Astros knowing the
pictures of their opponents knowing what
they're going to throw before they threw
the pitches didn't impact the game is
ludicrous
fortunately one reporter followed up on
that Jim when talking about the Yankees
there did you say you feel like this
didn't impact the game well and what do
you mean by that I didn't say it didn't
impact the game you didn't
what about 2 seconds ago when you did it
since I'm stealing a distinct advantage
for the hitter so doesn't automatically
impact competition it could possibly do
that it could possibly not yep those are
the two options that the old there are
fine people on both sides argument now I
want to say thank you to present Trump
for creating an America in which no one
ever has to take responsibility for
anything again hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you want to see all our latest videos
click the subscribe button and if you
don't click anyway and close your eyes
when they come on